- Thank you. - Would you like something else?
Merci.
Autre chose ?
No. No, no, not just yet. I'm waiting.
Non, pas pour l'instant. Je patiente.
I'm expecting someone.
J'attends quelqu'un.
Would this be one of your regular haunts?
Tu as tes habitudes ici ?
I don't have any regular haunts.
Je n'ai mes habitudes nulle part.
Let me see it.
Fais-moi voir.
Sometimes I imagine I still feel it around my neck.
Parfois, j'ai l'impression de l'avoir encore au cou.
I carried it for so many years.
Je l'ai porté tant d'années.
How does it feel around yours?
Tu te sens comment avec ?
We can free each other of it.
Nous pouvons nous en délivrer.
Love to chatter, don't they, our Muggle friends.
Ils sont bavards, hein ? Nos amis moldus.
Though one must admit, they make a good cup of tea.
Mais je reconnais que leur thé est bon.
What you're doing is madness.
Ce que tu fais est une folie.
It's what we said we'd do.
C'était notre projet.
- I was young. I was... - Committed.
- J'étais jeune, j'étais... - Engagé.
To me.
Envers moi.
To us.
Envers nous.
No.
Non.
I went along because...
J'ai suivi parce que...
Because?
Parce que ?
Because I was in love with you.
J'étais amoureux de toi.
Yes.
But that's not why you went along.
Mais ce n'est pas la raison.
It was you who said we could reshape the world.
Tu disais vouloir transformer le monde,
That it was our birthright.
que nous en avions le droit.
Can you smell it? The stench.
Tu sens cette odeur ?
Cette pestilence ?
Do you really intend to turn your back on your own kind?
Tu veux vraiment renier les tiens ?
For these animals?
Pour ces sous-hommes ?
With or without you, I'll burn down their world, Albus.
Avec ou sans toi, je réduirai leur monde en cendres, Albus.
There's nothing you can do to stop me.
Tu ne peux pas m'en empêcher.
Enjoy your cup of tea.
Savoure ton thé.
She's ready.
Elle est prête.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Beautiful.
Magnifique.
All right, you two.
Allez, vous deux.
Now, the tricky bit.
Là, ça va être délicat.
Accio.
Accio !
I'm so sorry.
Je te demande pardon.
Twins.
Des jumeaux !
You had twins.
Tu as eu des jumeaux.
LES ANIMAUX FANTASTIQUES LES SECRETS DE DUMBLEDORE
Leave us.
Laissez-nous.
Show me.
Montre-moi.
The others, they said it was special.
Il paraît qu'il est précieux.
Ooh, it's beyond special.
Mieux que précieux !
See?
Tu vois...
See its eyes?
Tu vois ses yeux ?
Those eyes see everything.
Ces yeux voient tout.
When a Qilin is born, a righteous leader will rise to change our world forever.
Quand un Qilin naît, un dirigeant émerge
qui transformera notre monde.
Her birth brings change, Credence, to everything.
Cette naissance apporte le changement, Croyance.
Un changement radical.
You did well.
Tu as bien travaillé.
Go.
Va.
Rest.
Repose-toi.
There.
RECHERCHÉ
I don't suppose you'd like to tell me what this is about, would you?
Je peux savoir de quoi il s'agit ?
He just asked that we meet, and that I be sure to bring you.
Il m'a juste demandé de le rejoindre et de t'amener.
Hmm.
Right.
Je vois.
Here to meet my brother, I expect.
Vous venez voir mon frère, je suppose.
No, sir. We're here to see Albus Dumbledore.
Non, nous venons voir Albus Dumbledore.
- That would be my brother. - Oh.
C'est ça, c'est mon frère.
Sorry. I'm, um... Brilliant.
Pardon...
I'm Newt Scamander, and this is Theseus...
Je suis Norbert Dragonneau et voici...
Up the stairs. First on the left.
À l'étage, première à gauche.
Has Newt told you why you're here?
Norbert vous a-t-il expliqué ?
Was he meant to?
Il aurait dû ?
No. As a matter of fact.
Non.
En effet !
There's something that we, uh... That, uh, Dumbledore wishes to speak to you about.
Il y a une chose dont nous, dont...
Dumbledore souhaite te parler.
It's a proposal.
Une proposition.
All right.
D'accord.
You know what this is, of course.
Vous savez ce que c'est ?
Newt had it in Paris.
Norbert l'avait à Paris.
I can't say I have much experience with such things, but it looks to me to be a blood troth.
Malgré mon peu d'expérience dans le domaine,
je dirais un pacte de sang.
That would be correct.
C'est exact.
And whose blood is contained within?
De qui contient-il le sang ?
Mine.
De moi.
And Grindelwald's.
Et de Grindelwald.
I'm assuming that's why you can't move against him? Yes.
- D'où l'impossibilité de l'affronter ? - Oui.
Nor he against me.
Et vice versa.
Can I ask, what would possess you to make such a thing?
Qu'est-ce qui a motivé un tel geste ?
Love.
L'amour.
Arrogance. Naiveté. Pick your poison.
L'arrogance, la naïveté... Le choix est vaste.
We were young, we were going to transform the world. Mm.
Nous étions jeunes, nous allions transformer le monde.
This ensured that we would, even if one of us had a change of heart.
Ceci était une garantie, si l'un de nous changeait d'avis.
And what would happen if you were to fight him?
Que se passerait-il
si vous l'affrontiez ?
It's really quite beautiful, you have to admit.
C'est assez beau,
il faut le reconnaître.
Were I to even think about defying it...
Si j'avais ne serait-ce que...
l'intention de l'enfreindre...
It knows, you see.
Il sait, vous voyez.
Albus.
It senses the betrayal in my heart.
Il sent la trahison dans mon cœur.
Albus.
Albus !
That would be the least of it.
Ce n'est qu'un aperçu.
Young man's magic, but as you can see...
De la magie de jeunesse, mais...
powerful magic.
puissante.
It can't be undone.
Le pacte est indéfectible.
So this proposal, I take it the Qilin has something to do with it?
Cette proposition, ça a un rapport avec le Qilin ?
He promises he won't tell a soul.
Il gardera le secret.
If we're to defeat him,
Pour réussir à le vaincre,
the Qilin's only part of it.
le Qilin ne suffira pas.
The world as we know it is coming undone.
Notre monde se désagrège.
Gellert's pulling it apart with hate, bigotry.
Gellert l'empoisonne par la haine,
le fanatisme.
Things that seem unimaginable today will seem inevitable tomorrow...
Ce qui paraît inimaginable aujourd'hui paraîtra
inévitable demain,
if we don't stop him.
si nous ne l'arrêtons pas.
Should you agree to do what I ask...
Si vous acceptez ma requête,
you'll have to trust me.
vous devrez me faire confiance.
Even when every instinct tells you not to.
Même si votre instinct résiste.
Let's hear it.
Je vous écoute.
Does he send you to spy on me?
Est-ce qu'il t'envoie
m'espionner ?
No.
Non.
But he asks.
Mais il me demande
What ya thinkin', what ya feeling.
ce que tu penses, ce que tu ressens.
And the others?
Et les autres ?
Does he ask what they're thinking and feeling?
Il demande pour eux aussi ?
Yes, but it's mostly you.
Oui.
Mais...
surtout toi.
And do you tell him?
Et tu lui dis ?
You do.
Ça veut dire oui.
Who's reading whose mind now?
Qui lit dans les pensées de l'autre, là ?
Tell me what you see.
Dis-moi ce que tu vois.
You're a Dumbledore.
Tu es un Dumbledore.
It's an important family.
C'est une famille importante.
You know this because he's told you.
Tu le sais car il te l'a dit.
He's also told you they abandoned you.
Il t'a dit aussi
qu'ils t'avaient abandonné.
That you were a... A dirty secret.
Que tu étais...
un secret honteux.
Um... He says Dumbledore abandoned him too,
Il dit que
and he knows how you feel.
Dumbledore l'a abandonné lui aussi, il te comprend.
And for that reason...
C'est pour cette raison
he's asked you to kill him.
qu'il t'a demandé de le tuer.
I want you to go now, Queenie.
Laisse-moi, maintenant.
I don't tell him.
Je ne lui dis pas...
Not always.
pas toujours,
Not everything.
pas tout.
PARDONNE-MOI
Hey, we're...
On est ferm...
Queenie.
Queenie !
Hi, sweetie.
Bonjour, trésor.
Honey...
Chéri,
...look at your bakery.
ta boulangerie...
It's like a ghost town.
on dirait une ville fantôme.
Yeah, well, I missed you.
Tu me manquais.
Oh, baby.
Mon cœur...
Why don't you come here?
allez, viens là.
Come here.
Viens.
Hey.
Everything's gonna be all right.
Tout va s'arranger.
Everything's gonna be just fine.
Tout va très bien se passer.
Hey, sweetheart, what brings you downtown?
Salut, poupée.
Tu fais quoi en ville ?
I really hope you didn't spend all day coming up with that.
J'espère que tu n'as pas mis trop de temps à pondre ça.
Oh, you want scary, is that what you want?
Tu veux avoir peur, c'est ça ?
You know what it is, you just aren't menacing enough.
Tu sais ce qu'il y a ?
I think I'm plenty menacing.
Tu n'es tout simplement pas assez menaçant.
Alors là, je suis pourtant très...
Am I not menacing?
Je suis pas menaçant ?
Maybe if you waved your arms around, you know, like a crazy man,
Essaie peut-être d'agiter les bras, comme un fou.
then you'd appear more menacing.
Là, tu aurais l'air plus menaçant.
That's good. A little more.
C'est bien, ça.
Un peu plus ?
A little more.
Encore un peu plus.
Keep going. Perfect.
Continue. Parfait.
Three, two, one.
Trois,
deux,
un.
Hey!
That's enough. Get outta here.
Ça suffit.
What's on your mind, baker boy?
Dégagez !
Ah, jeez.
T'as un problème, boulanger ?
You should be ashamed of yourselves.
Vous devriez avoir honte.
Oh, well, we're not.
Eh ben non.
It's a lady.
C'est une dame !
I tell you what...
Je te propose un truc.
I'll give you the first shot. Go ahead.
Frappe le premier, vas-y.
You sure? Oh, boy.
T'es sûr ?
Misère !
Last time I ever help that woman out again. Lally!
C'est la dernière fois que je l'aide.
Lally !
Whoopsie, Frank. Sometimes I forget my own strength.
Oups, Frank. Parfois j'oublie ma force.
I'll take it from here. Thank you!
Je prends le relais. Merci !
Welcome.
De rien.
- Catch you later, Lally. - Bye, Stanley.
À plus tard, Lally.
Salut, Stanley.
I'll be over for a game of Befudler Dudley soon. All right.
- Je viens jouer au Crânenvrac bientôt. - Parfait !
That's my cousin Stanley. He's a wizard.
C'est mon cousin Stanley, un sorcier.
No.
Non !
Please! It's early, don't make me work for it.
Je vous en prie ! Me compliquez pas la tâche.
I said I wanted out, and I want out.
C'est fini, tout ça.
Come now, Mr. Kowalski. Can't believe my therapist said you wizards don't exist.
Allons, M. Kowalski.
What a waste of money!
Dire que mon psy nie votre existence.
Je gâche mon argent !
You do know I'm a witch, right?
Je suis une sorcière, vous savez ?
Yeah.
Oui.
Look...
...you seem like a really nice witch. You don't know what I've been through with you people. So, could you please get out of my life?
Vous avez l'air sympa, mais j'en ai bavé avec vos semblables.
Alors s'il vous plaît, sortez de ma vie.
- A little over a year ago... - Oh, my... ...in the hopes of securing a small business loan,
Il y a un peu plus d'un an, dans l'espoir d'obtenir un prêt,
you walked through the doors of the Steen National Bank
vous êtes entré à la banque Steen,
located about six blocks from here.
située à six pâtés de maisons d'ici.
You then made the acquaintance of Newt Scamander,
Vous y avez rencontré
the world's foremost and, albeit only, magizoologist.
Norbert Dragonneau, l'éminent - et unique - magizoologiste.
You then learned of a world you had previously been wholly unaware of.
Vous êtes entré dans un monde inconnu,
You met and fell in love with a witch named Queenie Goldstein,
tombé amoureux d'une sorcière, Queenie Goldstein,
had your brain wiped by means of Obliviation, only it didn't take.
vous vous êtes fait oublietter, sauf que...
And as a result, you reunited with Ms. Goldstein who,
ça a échoué. Donc vous avez renoué avec Mlle Goldstein
after your refusal to marry her, mm,
qui, après votre refus de l'épouser,
decided to join Gellert Grindelwald and his dark army of followers,
a rejoint Gellert Grindelwald et son armée maléfique,
who pose the single greatest threat to both your world and ours in four centuries.
la plus grande menace pesant sur nos deux mondes depuis 4 siècles.
How did I do?
J'ai bien résumé ?
That was good.
Parfaitement.
Except for the part about Queenie going over to the dark side.
Sauf que Queenie n'est pas devenue maléfique.
I mean, yeah, she's cuckoo.
Je reconnais qu'elle est...
un peu cinglée,
But she's got a heart bigger than this whole crazy island,
mais elle a un cœur plus gros que New York
and she's so smart, you know? She can legitimately read your brain, you know,
et elle est très intelligente.
she's a whatchamacallit...
Elle lit dans les cerveaux, c'est une...
- A Legilimens. - Yeah.
Legilimens.
Look...
Écoutez,
You see this?
vous voyez ça ?
You see the pan? That's me, I'm the pan.
Cette poêle ? C'est moi.
Je suis cette poêle.
I'm all dented, dime-a-dozen. I'm just a schmo.
Tout cabossé, modèle de base...
I don't know what kind of crazy ideas you have in your head there, lady,
Un pauvre type. Je sais pas ce que vous imaginez
but I'm sure as hell you could do a lot better than me. Goodbye.
mais c'est sûr, vous pouvez trouver mieux.
Au revoir.
I don't think we can, Mr. Kowalski.
Je ne crois pas qu'on puisse, M. Kowalski.
You could have ducked under the counter, but you didn't.
Vous auriez pu vous planquer, mais non.
You could have looked the other way, but you didn't.
Vous auriez pu détourner le regard, mais non.
In fact, you were willing to put yourself in danger to save a perfect stranger.
En fait, vous avez bravé le danger encouru
pour sauver une inconnue.
Seems to me you're just the kind of average Joe the world needs right now.
Vous semblez être un type ordinaire d'un genre inestimable.
You just don't know it yet.
Mais vous l'ignorez encore.
That's why I had to show you.
Je devais vous le prouver.
We need you, Mr. Kowalski.
Nous avons besoin de vous, M. Kowalski.
All right.
Bon, d'accord.
Call me Jacob.
Appelez-moi Jacob.
Call me Lally.
Appelez-moi Lally.
- Lally. - Mm.
I gotta lock up.
Je dois fermer.
Thanks. Much better, Jacob.
- Merci. - Beaucoup mieux, Jacob.
I believe you know how this works, Jacob. Mm.
Vous connaissez déjà le principe, je crois.
RECHERCHÉ
QUI TRIOMPHERA ? LIU OU SANTOS ?
What did they say at the Ministry?
Que disent-ils au ministère ?
Liu or Santos?
Liu ou Santos ?
Officially, the Ministry takes no position.
Le ministère ne prend pas parti.
Unofficially, smart money's on Santos.
Officieusement,
Santos est donnée gagnante.
Although anyone would be better than Vogel.
N'importe qui plutôt que Vogel.
Anyone?
N'importe qui ?
I don't believe he's on the ballot, Kama.
Il n'est pas candidat, Kama.
He also happens to be a fugitive.
En outre, c'est un fugitif.
Is there a difference?
Il y a une différence ?
Spinning! Always with the spinning.
Ça tourne ! À chaque fois, ça tourne.
Jacob.
Jacob !
Welcome. You brilliant man. Sorry.
Bienvenue ! Tu es formidable.
I was absolutely sure that Professor Hicks would convince you.
J'étais sûr que Pr Hicks te convaincrait.
Yeah.
You know me, pal. I can't pass up a good Portkey.
Tu me connais, je résiste pas à un bon portoloin.
Mr. Scamander.
M. Dragonneau.
Professor Hicks.
Pr Hicks.
- At long last. - At long last.
- Enfin ! - Enfin !
So, Professor Hicks and I, we've corresponded for many years,
Avec Pr Hicks, on s'écrit depuis des lustres,
but we've never actually met.
sans se rencontrer.
So, her book on advanced charm casting is a must-read.
Son manuel de Sortilèges est un joyau.
Newt is far too kind.
Trop aimable !
Fantastic Beasts is required reading for all my fifth years.
Je fais lire  Les Animaux fantastiques à tous mes 5e année.
Now, let me make some introductions.
Je vais faire les présentations.
So, this is, um, Bunty Broadacre,
Voici Bunty Beauchamp.
my indispensable assistant for the past seven years.
Mon bras droit depuis sept ans.
Eight. Years.
Huit... ans.
And 164 days.
Et 164 jours.
- Hmm. - As you can see, indispensable.
Et elle le prouve.
And this is...
Et voici...
Yusuf Kama.
Pleasure.
Enchanté.
And you, obviously, already made Jacob's acquaintance.
Et vous connaissez déjà Jacob.
Newt.
Norbert.
So... So, this is my brother, Theseus,
Pardon. Voici mon frère Thésée.
and, um, he works for the Ministry.
Il travaille au ministère.
Actually, head of the British Auror Office. Ah! Well, I'll have to ensure my wand registration's up-to-date.
Chef du bureau britannique des Aurors.
Pourvu que mon permis baguette soit en règle !
Yes.
Certes.
Although, strictly speaking, that doesn't fall within my purview.
Mais ce n'est pas dans mes attributions.
Oh.
All right then.
Bien.
Well, I imagine that you're all wondering why you find yourselves here.
Vous devez vous demander la raison de votre présence.
And in anticipation of that, Dumbledore asked that I convey a message.
En prévision de cela, Dumbledore m'a confié un message.
So, Grindelwald has the ability to see snatches of the future.
Grindelwald a la capacité
de voir l'avenir, par bribes.
So, we have to assume that he'll be able to anticipate what we do before we do it.
Il faut donc supposer qu'il saura ce qu'on va faire
avant qu'on le fasse.
So, if we hope to defeat him and to save our world,
Pour parvenir à le vaincre,
to save your world, Jacob,
à sauver notre monde et le tien, Jacob,
then our best hope is to confuse him.
notre meilleure chance
est de le désarçonner.
Uh...
'Scuse me. I'm sorry. How do you confuse a guy that can see the future?
Excuse-moi ? Pardon.
Comment faire, s'il voit l'avenir ?
Countersight.
Par contre-vision.
Exactly.
Exactement.
The best plan being no plan.
La meilleure tactique : l'absence de tactique.
Or, many overlapping plans.
Ou plusieurs qui s'entremêlent.
Thus, confusion.
D'où la confusion.
It's working on me right now. In fact, Dumbledore asked that I give you something, Jacob.
- Ça marche déjà sur moi. - D'ailleurs...
Dumbledore m'a confié un cadeau pour toi.
It's snake wood.
Bois d'amourette.
It's, uh, somewhat rare.
C'est assez rare.
Are you kiddin' me right now?
Tu plaisantes ?
Is this thing real?
C'est une vraie ?
Yes.
Oui.
Well, it doesn't have a core, so sort of, but yes.
Enfin, elle n'a pas de cœur, alors presque.
It's sorta real?
Presque vraie ?
More importantly, where we're going, you'll need it.
Là où nous allons, tu en auras besoin.
Now, there's something for you too, I think, Theseus. Um...
J'ai quelque chose pour toi aussi, Thésée.
Teddy, please let go now.
Teddy, lâche ça, maintenant.
Teddy, please let go.
Teddy, s'il te plaît.
No. Teddy, will you behave?
Teddy, sois sage.
This is Theseus's...
C'est pour Thésée.
Um, that's...
Tiens.
Well, of course.
Mais bien sûr.
Now everything makes sense.
Maintenant tout est clair.
Um, Lally, I believe you were given some reading material?
Lally, vous avez eu de la lecture ?
You know what they say. A book can take you around the world and back,
Un livre peut vous faire faire le tour du monde,
all you have to do is open it.
il suffit de l'ouvrir.
She ain't kiddin'.
Ça, c'est sûr !
Yes, uh, Bunty, um...
Bunty.
that's for you. I was told it was for your eyes only.
Ceci est pour vous. C'est strictement confidentiel.
Oh.
And, Kama.
Et Kama...
I have what I need.
J'ai ce qu'il me faut.
What about Tina? Uh, is Tina coming?
Et Tina ? Elle va venir ?
Tina's not available.
Tina n'est pas disponible.
Um...
Tina's been promoted, she's very, very busy from...
Elle a été promue, elle est extrêmement occupée, d'après...
well, from what I understand.
ce que j'ai compris.
Tina's been made head of the American Auror Office.
Tina dirige le bureau américain des Aurors.
- Oh. - We know each other well. She's quite a remarkable woman.
On se connaît bien. C'est une femme remarquable.
She is.
En effet.
So, this is the team that's gonna take down the most dangerous wizard we've faced in over a century.
Voici l'équipe qui va vaincre le sorcier le plus dangereux du siècle.
A magizoologist, his indispensable assistant, a schoolteacher,
Un magizoologiste, son bras droit, une institutrice,
a wizard descended from a very old French family, and...
un sorcier de lignée française très ancienne et...
...a Muggle baker with his fake wand.
un Moldu boulanger...
et sa fausse baguette magique.
Hey, we got you too, pal,
T'es là aussi, mon gars.
and his wand works.
Et lui, sa baguette marche.
Who wouldn't like our chances?
On a toutes nos chances.
Oh. Uh...
You're all right, little one.
Ça va aller, mon petit.
Berlin.
Berlin...
Wonderful.
merveilleux.
Kama...
stay safe.
soyez prudent.
I must be going too now, Newt.
Je dois partir aussi, Norbert.
No one can know everything...
Personne ne doit tout savoir.
not even you.
Même pas vous.
Right.
Voilà.
Well, here it is.
C'est ici.
Huh.
German Ministry of Magic?
Ministère allemand de la Magie.
Yes.
I take it we're here for a reason.
J'imagine qu'il y a une raison.
Yes, we have a tea ceremony to attend,
Nous devons assister à une cérémonie du thé.
and if we don't hurry up, we'll be late.
Dépêchons-nous, sinon nous serons en retard.
Jacob, stay with the group.
Jacob !
Restez dans le groupe.
RECHERCHÉ RÉCOMPENSE 5 000
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Evening...
Bonsoir.
Helmut.
Theseus.
Thésée.
Hey, hey.
They're with me.
Ils sont avec moi.
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Incendio.
I take it we're not here for the finger sandwiches. Uh, no, I have a message to deliver.
On n'est pas venus pour le buffet, si ?
Non.
J'ai un message à remettre.
A message?
Un message ?
To who?
À qui ?
Mr. Vogel, it's a pleasure to be here.
It's an honor to meet you.
You are joking.
Tu plaisantes ?
No.
Non.
What am I even doing here? Let's go outside.
On est où, là ? Sortons.
I'm not very good in these situations.
Ces situations me gênent.
These situations?
Quelles situations ?
With all the people, the fancy people.
Avec tous ces gens de la haute.
Hello.
Bonsoir.
I saw you enter the room
Je vous ai vu entrer
and I thought to myself,
et je me suis dit :
Edith, that's an interesting-looking man.
"Edith, voilà un homme original !"
Jacob Kowalski. How are you? Very nice to meet you.
Jacob Kowalski, mes hommages. Ravi de vous rencontrer.
And where is it you hail from, Mr. Kowalski?
Et d'où venez-vous, M. Kowalski ?
Queens.
Du Queens.
Ah!
Sorry, Herr Vogel. Sorry, I wonder if I could have a word?
Herr Vogel, puis-je vous parler un instant ?
Oh!
Merlin's beard, it's Mr. Scamander, isn't it?
Par la barbe de Merlin, c'est M. Dragonneau !
Herr Vogel...
I have a message from a friend, and it cannot wait.
j'ai un message de la part d'un ami
et ça ne peut pas attendre.
Do what is right...
"Choisissez le bien,
not what is easy.
pas la facilité."
He said it was important that I reach you tonight,
C'était crucial
that you hear them tonight, the words.
que je vous voie ce soir, que vous entendiez
ces mots ce soir.
It's time, sir.
C'est l'heure, monsieur.
Is he here?
Est-il
In Berlin?
à Berlin ?
No, of course not.
Non, bien sûr.
Why leave Hogwarts when the world outside is burning?
Pourquoi quitter Poudlard quand le monde est en flammes ?
I thank you, Mr. Scamander.
Je vous remercie, M. Dragonneau.
Thank you.
Merci.
I see many familiar faces here tonight.
Je vois de nombreux visages familiers ici ce soir.
Colleagues, friends...
Collègues,
amis...
foes.
ennemis.
Within the next 48 hours,
Dans les prochaines 48 heures,
you, along with the rest of the Wizarding World,
vous, et le reste du monde des sorciers,
will choose our next great leader.
allez élire notre prochain dirigeant.
A choice that will shape our lives for generations to come.
Ce choix déterminera notre vie
pour les générations à venir.
I have little doubt that, no matter who should triumph,
Je ne doute guère que, quel que soit le gagnant,
the Confederation will be in able hands.
la Confédération sera entre de bonnes mains.
Liu Tao.
Vicência Santos.
Thank you, thank you.
It's in moments such as these we are reminded
Des moments comme celui-ci nous rappellent
that it is this peaceful transfer of power
que la sérénité dans les passations de pouvoir
which marks our humanity
est la marque de notre humanité
and demonstrates to the world that, despite our differences,
et prouve aux yeux du monde que, malgré nos différends,
all voices deserve to be heard...
toutes les voix méritent d'être entendues.
even voices which many may find disagreeable.
Même celles qui déplaisent au plus grand nombre.
Newt.
Norbert.
Any of those lot look familiar to you?
Tu reconnais ces gens ?
Paris. The night that Leta...
Paris...
Le soir où Leta...
They were with Grindelwald.
Ils étaient avec Grindelwald.
Mm.
And so, after an extensive investigation,
Ainsi,
après une enquête approfondie,
the Confederation has concluded that insufficient evidence exists...
la Confédération a conclu
que les preuves sont insuffisantes
to prosecute Gellert Grindelwald
pour poursuivre Gellert Grindelwald
for the crimes against the Muggle community of which he was accused.
pour les crimes contre les Moldus dont il a été accusé.
He is hereby absolved of all his alleged crimes.
Il est de ce fait disculpé
des crimes qui lui étaient imputés.
Are you kidding me?
C'est une blague ?
They're letting the guy off?
Il est innocenté ?
I was there, he was killing people.
Je l'ai vu tuer des gens !
You're under arrest.
Je vous arrête.
All of you.
Vous tous.
Wands down!
Lâchez vos baguettes !
Theseus.
Thésée !
Theseus!
Newt, Newt. Not here.
Norbert ! Pas ici.
Newt, we don't stand a chance.
On n'a aucune chance.
Let's go. Newt,
Partons.
they have the German Ministry. We've got to go. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Ils tiennent le ministère allemand, il faut partir.
It ain't right. That's not justice. "Extended investigation." I was there.
C'est un scandale ! C'est quoi, cette justice ?
"Enquête approfondie" !
Were you there? Were you there? I was there.
Vous étiez là ? Moi, j'étais là !
- You just let a killer off! - Jacob.
Vous disculpez un assassin !
Whoa!
We have to go. We have to go.
Il faut partir.
Jacob, let's go.
Jacob, partons.
That's very good.
C'est très bon.
Her favorite.
Elle adorait ce plat.
Remember how she begged Mother to make it?
Elle suppliait maman de le préparer.
Ariana.
Ariana...
Mother claimed it calmed her, but I think that was wishful thinking.
Maman disait qu'il la calmait, mais je crois...
Albus.
I was there.
J'étais là.
I grew up in the same house.
J'ai grandi au même endroit.
Everything you saw, I saw.
Tout ce que tu as vu...
je l'ai vu.
Everything.
Tout.
Read the sign, you stupid sod.
Lisez la pancarte, imbécile !
I'm sorry to disturb you, Albus.
Pardon de vous déranger, Albus.
Tell me, what is it?
Dites-moi, qu'y a-t-il ?
It's Berlin.
C'est Berlin.
What happened?
Que s'est-il passé ?
Vogel has absolved Gellert of all his crimes.
Vogel a disculpé
Gellert de tous ses crimes.
He's free. He says there's no proof.
Il est libre, "faute de preuves".
He tried to arrest aurors who were there the night Leta Lestrange was murdered.
SAIS-TU CE QUE ÇA FAIT
Rather disappointing.
I'm going to need someone to cover my morning classes.
Je vais manquer mes cours du matin,
Can I impose on you?
pouvez-vous me remplacer ?
Of course. And, Albus, please be...
Bien sûr.
Albus, je vous en prie...
I'll do my best.
Je ferai de mon mieux.
Evening, Aberforth.
Bonsoir, Abelforth.
Evening, Minerva.
Bonsoir, Minerva.
Apologies for calling you a stupid sod.
Pardon de vous avoir traitée d'imbécile.
Apology accepted.
J'accepte vos excuses.
I'm afraid I'll have to cut our evening short.
Je dois écourter notre soirée.
Off to save the world, are we?
En route pour sauver le monde ?
That will take a better man than me.
Je n'en suis pas capable.
SAIS-TU CE QUE ÇA FAIT D'ÊTRE SEUL
Don't ask.
Pas de questions.
There are thousands in the streets chanting your name.
Des milliers de manifestants crient votre nom.
You're a free man.
Vous êtes libre.
Tell the others to prepare to leave.
Que les autres se préparent à partir.
- Tonight? - Tomorrow.
- Ce soir ? - Demain.
We'll have a visitor in the morning.
Nous aurons de la visite le matin.
Why does it stay with him?
Pourquoi l'oiseau le suit-il ?
It must sense what he's about to do.
Il doit sentir ce qu'il va faire.
And you're sure...
Et vous êtes sûr ?
that he can kill Dumbledore?
Qu'il est capable de tuer Dumbledore ?
His pain is his power.
Sa douleur est sa force.
The man that I am inquiring about is the head of the British Auror Office.
Il s'agit du chef des Aurors britanniques.
How can you have misplaced the head of the British Auror Office?
Comment pouvez-vous l'avoir "égaré" ?
As our contention said, since he was never in our custody,
Étant donné qu'il n'a jamais été sous notre garde,
we never misplaced him.
on ne l'a pas égaré.
Sir, there were dozens of people there, any one of them could corroborate...
Monsieur, des dizaines de témoins peuvent confirmer...
- And your name is? - Let's get out of here.
Votre nom ?
Restons pas là.
Wait a minute, that's the guy.
Attendez. C'est ce type, là !
Come here. Come here.
Venez.
Excuse me!
S'il vous plaît !
Hey!
That's the guy. He knows where Theseus is. Hello!
Lui, il sait où est Thésée.
Where's Theseus?
Où est Thésée ?
That's him. He knows about Theseus.
C'est lui !
Il sait, pour Thésée.
Newt.
Norbert.
Ah.
Albus.
Theseus has been taken to the Erkstag. Wait, no, but the Erkstag shut down years ago.
Thésée a été emprisonné à Erkstag.
Mais c'est fermé depuis des années.
Yes, well, it's the Ministry's secret little bed and breakfast now.
Certes... mais le ministère en a fait sa petite "pension" secrète.
You'll need this to see him.
Ceci vous permettra de le voir.
And one of these.
Ainsi que ceci.
- Mm-hmm. - And this.
Et ça.
Wait, wait, wait.
Attendez !
I trust you're enjoying your wand, Mr. Kowalski?
J'espère que votre baguette vous plaît, M. Kowalski ?
Me? Oh, uh... Yeah, thank you, Mr. Dumbledore.
Moi ?
It's a real pip.
Oui, merci, M. Dumbledore. Elle est épatante.
I advise you to keep it close.
Gardez-la sur vous.
- Professor Hicks. - Dumbledore.
- Pr Hicks ? - Dumbledore.
Assuming you're not otherwise engaged, and frankly even if you are,
Si vous n'avez pas d'autre projet,
I encourage you to attend tonight's candidates' dinner.
et même si vous en avez, assistez au dîner des candidats.
Take Mr. Kowalski.
Emmenez M. Kowalski.
I'm quite certain there'll be an assassination attempt.
Il y aura une tentative d'assassinat.
Anything you can do to scotch that will be greatly appreciated.
Si vous pouviez l'éviter,
It's my pleasure.
ce serait formidable.
I shall welcome the challenge.
Avec plaisir, le défi me plaît.
Besides, I'll have Jacob with me.
Et puis, Jacob sera avec moi.
Oh, not to worry. Professor Hicks's defensive magic is superb.
Pas d'inquiétude ! La magie défensive de Pr Hicks est
admirable.
Until next time.
À la prochaine.
Such a flatterer.
Quel flatteur !
Well, not really. It is superb.
Même si elle est effectivement admirable.
Albus!
Albus.
I was just wondering...
Je me demandais...
Ah.
Yes.
- The case. - Yes.
La valise.
Rest assured, it's in safe hands.
Soyez tranquille, elle est en sécurité.
Can I help you?
Puis-je vous aider ?
Yes.
Oui.
I'd like to have this case replicated, please.
J'aimerais que vous copiiez cette valise.
Certainly.
Mais certainement.
Oh. No, you mustn't open it.
Non ! Il ne faut pas l'ouvrir.
Um, I mean, it's not necessary.
Je veux dire, c'est...
ce n'est pas utile.
The interior isn't important.
L'intérieur n'est pas important.
I see no reason I can't make you one.
Je ne vois pas ce qui m'empêcherait de vous faire ça.
If you leave it here. Oh. No...
Laissez-la-moi.
Non.
I couldn't leave it.
Je ne peux pas la laisser.
And I'll be needing more than one.
Et il m'en faudra plus d'une.
You see, um...
Voyez-vous...
...my husband, he's a bit absentminded.
mon mari est un peu tête en l'air.
He's always forgetting things.
Il oublie toujours tout.
Just the other day, he forgot he was married to me.
Même qu'on est mariés !
Can you imagine?
Vous vous rendez compte ?
But I love him.
Mais je l'aime.
Exactly how many were you thinking?
Combien d'exemplaires désirez-vous ?
Um...
Half a dozen,
Une demi-douzaine ?
and I'll need them in two days' time.
Et il me les faut dans deux jours.
Show your hands.
Montrez vos mains.
Who are you?
Qui êtes-vous ?
My name is Yusuf Kama.
Je m'appelle Yusuf Kama.
Who's our visitor?
Qui nous rend visite ?
I'm an admirer.
Un admirateur.
You murdered his sister.
Vous avez tué sa sœur.
Her name was Leta.
Elle s'appelait Leta.
Leta Lestrange.
Ah, yes.
Ah, oui.
You and your sister share an ancient bloodline.
Vous êtes d'une lignée ancienne.
Shared. That's the only thing we shared.
Nous partagions cela. Mais rien d'autre.
Dumbledore sent you, am I right?
Dumbledore vous envoie.
Je me trompe ?
He fears you're in possession of a creature.
Il craint que vous déteniez une créature
He fears the use you may put it to.
et que vous en fassiez mauvais usage.
He sent me here to spy on you.
Il m'a envoyé ici pour vous espionner.
What would you like me to tell him?
Qu'aimeriez-vous que je lui dise ?
Queenie.
Is he telling the truth?
Dit-il la vérité ?
What else?
Quoi d'autre ?
Even though he believes in you,
Bien qu'il croie en vous,
he holds you responsible for his sister's death.
il vous en veut
pour la mort de sa sœur.
He carries her absence with him every day.
Il porte le poids de son absence chaque jour.
Every breath he takes is a reminder that she breathes no more.
Chaque respiration lui rappelle qu'elle ne respire plus.
Then I presume you won't mind if I relieve you of your sister's memory.
Alors vous me permettez de vous ôter son souvenir ?
Right?
N'est-ce pas ?
Right.
Oui.
There.
Voilà !
Better?
Soulagé ?
I thought so.
Je m'en doutais.
When we allow ourselves to be consumed by anger, the only victim is our self.
Si on se laisse consumer par la colère, on est sa propre victime.
Now, we were just about to depart.
Nous étions sur le départ.
Perhaps you'd like to join us?
Vous vous joignez à nous ?
Come, we can talk some more about our mutual friend, Dumbledore.
Nous pourrons parler de notre ami commun,
Dumbledore.
After you.
Après toi.
Hello, Credence.
Bonjour, Croyance.
Do you know what it's like to have no one?
Savez-vous ce que ça fait
de n'avoir personne ?
To always be alone?
D'être toujours seul ?
It's you.
C'est toi.
You're the one sending messages in the mirror.
C'est toi, les messages sur le miroir.
I'm a Dumbledore.
Je suis un Dumbledore.
You abandoned me.
Vous m'avez abandonné.
The same blood that runs my veins runs yours.
Le même sang coule dans nos veines.
He's not here for you.
Il n'est pas là pour vous.
He's here for me.
Il est là pour moi.
Things are not quite what they appear, Credence...
Les apparences
sont trompeuses, Croyance.
no matter what you've been told.
Malgré tout ce qu'on t'a dit.
My name is Aurelius.
Je m'appelle Aurelius.
He's lied to you.
Il t'a menti
Kindled your hate.
pour attiser ta haine.
What he's told you isn't true...
Ce qu'il t'a dit est faux
but we do share the same blood.
mais nous sommes bien du même sang.
You are a Dumbledore.
Tu es bien un Dumbledore.
I'm sorry for your pain.
Pardon pour toute cette souffrance.
We didn't know, I promise.
Nous ne savions rien, je te le promets.
NO ENTRANCE! ACCESS PROHIBITED!
I've come to see my brother. His name is Theseus Scamander.
Je viens voir mon frère, Thésée Dragonneau.
Sorry, that's, uh...
Pardon, c'est...
Wand.
Votre baguette.
Oh, that's, uh...
Ça, c'est...
I'm... I'm a magizoologist.
Je suis magizoologiste.
He's perfectly harmless. He's...
Il est inoffensif,
He's just a pet, really.
c'est mon animal domestique.
Sorry.
Pardon.
That's Teddy. He's a total nightmare, truth be told.
Lui, c'est Teddy. Un cauchemar, très franchement.
They stay here.
Ils restent ici.
So, how will I know where to find him?
Comment le retrouver ?
He's your brother?
C'est votre frère ?
Yes.
Oui.
He will be the one who looks like your brother.
Alors, vous devriez le reconnaître.
I will be back, Pick.
Je vais revenir, Pick.
On my word.
Tu as ma parole.
"I'll be back, Pick.
"Je vais revenir, Pick."
"On my word."
"Tu as ma parole."
And I'll be Minister of Magic one day.
Et moi, je serai ministre de la Magie un jour !
Take us 'round the back. It's not safe here.
Passez par-derrière. C'est risqué, ici.
No.
Non.
Roll it down.
Baisse-la.
What?
Quoi ?
The window.
La vitre,
Roll it down.
baisse-la.
Grindelwald! Grindelwald!
Grindelwald !
No. No!
Those people...
Ces gens
aren't suggesting we listen to them.
ne suggèrent pas qu'on les écoute,
They aren't asking us to listen.
ils ne nous prient pas d'écouter,
They're demanding it.
ils l'exigent.
You're actually proposing that that man be allowed to stand?
Vous ne proposez pas que cet homme puisse se présenter ?
Yes.
Si.
Yes, let him stand.
Qu'il se présente.
Gellert Grindelwald wants a Muggle-wizard war,
Il veut la guerre contre les Moldus
and if he gets his wish, he won't just destroy their world,
et s'il est exaucé,
he'll destroy ours as well. Which is why he cannot win.
il détruira leur monde mais aussi le nôtre.
Il ne doit pas gagner.
Let him stand as a candidate.
Laissons-le être candidat,
Let the people vote.
laissons le peuple voter.
When he loses, the people will have spoken.
Il perdra, le peuple aura parlé.
But deny them their voices,
Mais si on les empêche de s'exprimer,
and those streets will run with blood.
ces rues seront des torrents de sang.
Theseus.
Thésée.
Thésée !
Lally,
Lally.
the guy with the hair...
Le type velu
sitting next to Edith.
assis à côté d'Edith,
He looks like he can kill somebody.
il ressemble à un tueur.
He also looks like my Uncle Dominic.
Et aussi à mon oncle Dominic.
Is your Uncle Dominic the Norwegian Minister of Magic?
Votre oncle est-il le ministre norvégien de la Magie ?
No.
Non.
Didn't think so.
Je m'en doutais.
Queenie.
Queenie !
Ah.
Madam Santos, a pleasure.
Madame Santos,
mes hommages.
Your supporters are in fine voice.
Vos partisans donnent de la voix.
As are yours, Mr. Grindelwald.
Les vôtres aussi,
M. Grindelwald.
Rescuing me, are you? - That's the general idea. - Huh.
Tu viens à mon secours ?
C'est l'idée, oui.
And I presume this...
Et je suppose
whatever it is that you are doing, is strategic. Yes, a technique called limbic mimicry.
que ce que tu es en train de faire, c'est stratégique ?
It discourages violent engagement, theoretically.
C'est du mimétisme corporel, ça prévient les réactions violentes.
I've only actually ever attempted it once before.
En théorie. Je ne l'ai tenté qu'une fois.
- And the results? - Uh...
Pour quel résultat ?
Inconclusive.
Peu concluant.
Course that was a laboratory setting and the conditions were strictly controlled, and the...
C'était en laboratoire, sous conditions maîtrisées.
Well, the current conditions are more volatile, so making it less predictive of the ultimate outcome.
Ici, c'est plus changeant, l'issue est plus imprévisible.
The ultimate outcome presumably...
Issue que l'on pourrait peut-être
being our survival.
appeler
notre survie ?
Well done, come on.
Bravo.
And the plan is?
Quel est le plan ?
Hold this.
Tiens-moi ça.
What the bloody hell was that for?
Tu peux m'expliquer ?
Um...
We're gonna need some help.
On va avoir besoin d'aide.
Follow me.
Suis-moi.
Come on.
Allez...
You're not swiveling properly.
Tu ne chaloupes pas bien.
Swivel... swivel, but delicately.
Chaloupe, mais délicatement.
I'm swiveling like you're swiveling, Newt.
Je chaloupe comme toi, Norbert.
I don't believe you are.
Je ne crois pas, non.
Swivel.
Chaloupons.
Go to him.
Va le voir.
Queenie.
Tell him it's all right.
Dis-lui que tout va bien.
I can see he's failed.
Je vois qu'il a échoué.
He'll have another chance.
Il aura une deuxième chance.
It's his loyalty I most value.
Le principal, c'est sa loyauté.
Stay here.
Restez ici.
Oh.
Apologies.
Mes excuses.
Hmm.
Oh, boy.
Let her go.
Relâchez-la.
Excuse me?
Pardon ?
- Assassin! - Huh?
Assassin !
Huh?
No, wait.
Newt!
Norbert !
Accio!
Accio   !
Grab the tie.
Attrape la cravate !
That was a Portkey.
C'était un portoloin.
Yeah.
Well done, you two.
Bravo à vous deux.
Not that either of you asked, but I would highly recommend learning Charms.
Si j'ai un conseil à vous donner, étudiez les Sortilèges.
Lally.
What kept you two?
Pourquoi ce retard ?
Uh, we encountered some complications. You?
Nous avons eu des contretemps. Et vous ?
We encountered some complications.
Nous avons eu des... contretemps.
UN MOLDU MEURTRIER !
Jacob tried to murder Grindelwald? It's a long story. Is it really snake wood?
- Jacob a voulu tuer Grindelwald ? - C'est une longue histoire.
Du bois d'amourette ?
Yes, it's really snake wood.
Puisque je te le dis !
- Can I... - Mm-mm.
Je peux... ?
Very dangerous.
C'est très dangereux.
It's very powerful.
Très puissant.
It's rare. If it got in the wrong hands, you know... mess you up.
Et rare. Entre de mauvaises mains, ça fait des dégâts.
Where did you get it?
Où l'avez-vous eue ?
I got it for Christmas.
Cadeau de Noël.
Jacob,
Jacob.
look who I found.
Regardez qui est là.
Hey.
It's my wizard friends, Newt and Theseus.
Mes amis sorciers, Norbert et Thésée.
We're like this, okay, and that's me right there.
On est comme ça.
I gotta go. All right, have fun.
Et là, c'est moi. Je file.
Allez, amusez-vous bien.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Faites pas de folies.
Can you believe this place? They got pint-sized little witches and wizards running around here.
Incroyable, cet endroit. Ça grouille de sorciers miniatures.
You don't say.
Ça alors.
I was the assassin.
C'est moi, l'assassin.
Newt and Theseus both went to Hogwarts. Oh, I knew that. Well, they're being very nice to me.
Ils ont été élèves à Poudlard.
Je savais. Ils sont tous très gentils.
The Slytherin boys over there, they gave me these. They're delicious. Who wants one?
Ces Serpentards m'ont donné ces friandises. Qui en veut ?
I never cared for cockroach clusters much myself,
Je n'aime guère les Nids de Cafards.
although Honeydukes are supposed to be the best.
Mais les Honeydukes sont très réputés.
Off you go.
McGonagall.
Albus.
Well done.
Bravo.
All of you, well done. Congratulations.
Bravo à vous tous. Félicitations.
- Congratulations? - Indeed.
- Félicitations ? - Absolument.
Professor Hicks managed to foil an assassination.
Pr Hicks a réussi à déjouer un assassinat.
And you are alive and you are well.
Et vous êtes vivant, et en bonne santé.
The fact that everything didn't go precisely to plan was precisely the plan.
Le fait que le plan ait échoué faisait partie du plan.
Countersight 101.
Contre-vision, 1re leçon.
Albus, forgive me, but aren't we back where we started? Actually, I would argue that things are...
Mais on est revenus à la case départ, non ?
Pour moi, la situation est...
a great deal worse.
nettement pire.
You haven't told them, have you?
Vous ne leur avez pas dit ?
Grindelwald's been allowed to stand in the election.
Grindelwald a été autorisé à se porter candidat.
- What? - But how?
- Quoi ? - Comment ça ?
Because Vogel chose easy over right.
Vogel a choisi la facilité
plutôt que le bien.
Hmm.
It's all right.
Ce n'est rien.
Bhutan.
Le Bhoutan.
Correct. Three points to Hufflepuff.
Exact, 3 points pour Poufsouffle.
The kingdom of Bhutan sits high in the Eastern Himalayas.
Le royaume du Bhoutan,
It's a place of indescribable beauty.
perché à l'est de l'Himalaya,
un lieu d'une indescriptible
beauté.
Some of our most important magic has its origins there.
Le berceau de magie d'une importance fondamentale.
They say if you listen carefully enough, the past whispers to you.
On dit que si on tend l'oreille,
le passé nous murmure des choses.
It also happens to be where the election will be held.
C'est aussi là
que l'élection se tiendra.
He can't win, can he?
Il ne peut pas gagner, si ?
Only a few days ago he was a fugitive from justice.
Il y a peu, il était hors-la-loi,
Now he is an official candidate in the International Confederation of Wizards.
aujourd'hui, il est candidat officiel
à la Confédération Internationale des Sorciers.
Dangerous times favor dangerous men.
Les époques dangereuses avantagent les hommes dangereux.
By the way, we'll be dining with my brother in the village. Should you need anything before then, Minerva is here.
Au fait, nous dînerons avec mon frère, au village.
En cas de besoin d'ici là, Minerva est ici.
Dumbledore has a brother?
Dumbledore a un frère ?
Huh.
Here we are.
Nous y voilà.
Bunty, you're here.
Bunty, vous êtes là !
Yes.
How is she? Oh, she's fine.
- Comment va-t-elle ? - Très bien.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What's Alfie done now?
Alfie, qu'as-tu fait ?
Wait, you've not been biting Timothy's bottom again, have you? Miss Broadacre, I trust my brother has been a gracious host?
Tu as encore mordu Timothée au derrière ?
Mlle Beauchamp, mon frère vous a bien accueillie, j'espère ?
Yes, ever so gracious.
Oui, parfaitement bien.
I'm delighted to hear.
J'en suis ravi.
Uh, so, rooms have been arranged for you in the village
Alors, on vous a réservé des chambres au village
and Aberforth here will prepare you a delicious dinner,
et Abelforth ici présent
vous fera un délicieux dîner.
his own recipe.
Une recette de son cru.
There's more of that if you want it.
Il en reste plein
si vous en voulez.
Thank you.
Je vous remercie !
Thanks.
Merci.
Astonishing.
C'est prodigieux !
Never has something that looks so repellent tasted so delicious.
Un plat si répugnant qui se révèle si délicieux !
Who is this little one?
C'est qui, ça ?
Do you mind?
Tu permets ?
She's a Qilin, Jacob.
C'est un Qilin femelle, Jacob.
She's incredibly rare.
Incroyablement rare.
One of the most beloved creatures in the Wizarding World.
Une créature chère au cœur des sorciers.
Why?
Pourquoi ?
'Cause she can see into your soul.
Parce qu'elle lit dans les âmes.
Oh. Oh!
You're kidding me.
C'est une blague ?
No. So, if you are good and worthy, then she'll see that.
Si on est...
bon et digne de confiance, elle le verra.
But if, on the other hand, you're cruel and deceitful, then she'll know that too.
Mais si au contraire on est cruel et fourbe,
elle le saura aussi.
Oh, yeah?
Ah oui ?
Does she just tell you that or...
Elle le dit ou quoi ?
Not exactly tells.
Pas exactement, non.
Well, she bows, but only in the presence of someone truly pure of heart.
Elle se prosterne.
Mais seulement devant ceux dont le cœur est pur.
I mean, almost none of us are, of course, no matter how good of a person one tries to be.
C'est-à-dire presque personne, quelles que soient nos bonnes intentions.
There was actually a time, many, many years ago,
À une époque, il y a fort longtemps de cela,
when the Qilin chose who'd lead us.
le Qilin choisissait notre dirigeant.
No...
Whoa. Woop. Whoa...
Okay. All right, already.
Allez, ça suffit.
Here you go.
Tiens.
Thriving. He's just hungry. Look at him.
Quelle vigueur ! Elle a faim.
- She really likes you, Jacob. - Oh, all right.
It's okay.
JE VEUX RENTRER À LA MAISON
Come with me.
Viens avec moi.
I'll help you.
Je t'aiderai.
He's your son, Aberforth.
C'est ton fils, Abelforth.
He needs you.
Il a besoin de toi.
Newt.
Norbert.
Come in.
Entrez.
Albus, the mirror downstairs, there's a message.
Albus, le miroir en bas. Il y a un message.
Close the door.
Fermez la porte.
It's from Credence, Newt.
C'est un message de Croyance.
The summer Gellert and I fell in love...
L'été où Gellert et moi sommes tombés amoureux,
my brother fell in love as well,
mon frère aussi est tombé amoureux.
with a girl from the Hollow.
D'une fille de Hollow.
She was sent away.
Elle a été bannie.
There were rumors about a child.
Il y a eu des rumeurs, à propos d'un enfant.
Credence...
Croyance.
He's a Dumbledore.
C'est un Dumbledore.
If I'd been a better friend...
Si j'avais été meilleur camarade
to Aberforth, if I'd been a better brother...
pour Abelforth, plus fraternel,
he might have confided in me.
il aurait pu se confier à moi.
Perhaps things would have been different, and this boy...
Tout aurait pu être différent et ce garçon
could have been part of our lives, part of our family.
aurait pu intégrer nos vies, notre famille.
Credence can't be saved, I know you know that.
Croyance ne peut pas être sauvé, on le sait tous deux.
But he may yet be able to save us.
Mais il pourrait encore nous sauver, nous.
Phoenix ash.
Cendre de phénix.
The bird comes to him because he's dying, Newt.
L'oiseau va vers lui car il va mourir.
I know the signs.
Je reconnais les signes.
You see...
Voyez-vous,
my sister was an Obscurial.
ma sœur était une Obscuriale.
And like Credence, she never learned to express her magic.
Comme Croyance, elle n'a jamais appris à exprimer ses dons.
Over time it grew darker and began to poison her.
Ils sont devenus maléfiques et l'ont empoisonnée.
Worst of all, none of us were capable of easing her pain.
Le pire, c'est qu'on n'a pas pu soulager sa souffrance.
Can you tell me how it is that...
Pouvez-vous me dire comment...
or how it came to an end for her?
cela s'est fini pour elle ?
Gellert and I had made plans to go away together.
Gellert et moi avions prévu de partir ensemble.
My brother didn't approve.
Et mon frère
n'approuvait pas.
One night, he confronted us.
Un soir, il s'est opposé à nous.
Voices were raised, threats made.
Le ton est monté, des menaces ont volé.
Aberforth drew his wand, which was foolish.
Abelforth a dégainé sa baguette, un geste idiot.
I drew my wand, which was even more foolish.
J'ai dégainé la mienne, encore plus idiot.
Gellert just laughed.
Gellert se contentait de rire.
No one heard Ariana coming down the stairs.
Personne n'a entendu Ariana descendre.
Can't say for certain it was my...
Je ne sais pas si c'est mon...
spell.
sortilège...
Doesn't really matter.
Peu importe, au fond.
One minute she was there, and the next she was gone.
Un instant, elle était là,
l'instant d'après, elle n'était plus.
I'm so sorry, Albus.
Je suis désolé, Albus.
But if it's of any comfort, perhaps she was saved some pain... Don't.
Si ça peut vous réconforter, ça a dû lui épargner des souffrances.
Don't disappoint me, Newt.
Ne me décevez pas, Norbert.
You of all people.
Vous, plus que quiconque.
Your honesty is a gift...
Votre franchise est une bénédiction.
even if at times a painful one.
Même si elle peut parfois faire mal.
Our friends downstairs will be tired and wanting to go home. You should... You should go.
Nos amis en bas doivent être fatigués et impatients de rentrer,
vous devriez partir.
Albus, Lally said something earlier
Albus, Lally a évoqué tout à l'heure
about most of us being ultimately imperfect.
le fait qu'on était presque tous imparfaits.
But even if we make mistakes, terrible things...
Mais même si on commet des erreurs,
des gestes impardonnables,
we can try to make things right.
on peut essayer de les réparer.
And that's what matters...
C'est ça, l'important.
trying.
Essayer.
We're with you.
On est avec vous.
Thank you.
Merci.
Our time is close, my brothers and sisters.
Notre heure est proche, mes frères et sœurs.
Days of hiding are over.
Nous ne nous cacherons plus.
The world will hear our voice.
Le monde entendra notre voix.
And it will be deafening.
Et elle sera puissante.
You didn't come here to betray Dumbledore...
Vous n'êtes pas venu trahir Dumbledore.
You know in your pure-blood heart...
Vous savez qu'en tant que sang-pur,
your place is here.
votre place est ici.
To believe in me is to believe in yourself.
Croire en moi, c'est croire en vous.
Prove your loyalty, Mr. Kama.
Prouvez votre loyauté, M. Kama.
...Vulnera Sanentur.
Rennervate Vulnera Sanentur.
Revigor
Vulnera
Sanentur.
Rennervate Vulnera Sanentur.
There.
Voilà.
There, there.
C'est bien.
There.
Come, look.
Viens voir.
Hmm.
This is why we are special.
C'est ça qui nous distingue.
To conceal our powers is not merely an affront to ourselves...
Dissimuler nos pouvoirs,
c'est plus qu'un affront envers nous-mêmes,
it's sinful.
c'est un péché.
Was there another?
Y en avait-il un autre ?
Another?
Un autre ?
That night, was there another Qilin?
Ce soir-là, y avait-il un autre Qilin ?
I don't think so...
Je ne crois pas.
That's twice you failed me.
Ça fait deux manquements.
Do you not understand the danger you put me in?
Ne comprends-tu pas le danger que tu me fais courir ?
One last chance.
Une dernière chance.
Understood?
Compris ?
Find it.
Trouve-le.
Hey, Newt.
Norbert.
What is this place?
On est où, ici ?
The room we require.
Dans la Salle sur Demande.
I trust you all have the tickets that Bunty gave you?
Vous avez tous les billets
que Bunty vous a donnés ?
You'll need them to gain access to the ceremony.
Ce sont vos laissez-passer pour la cérémonie.
What do you think, Newt? Can you tell which one is yours?
Norbert, reconnaissez-vous la vôtre ?
No.
Non.
Good. I'd be worried if you could.
Bien, le contraire m'eût inquiété.
I assume the Qilin's in one of these cases.
Donc le Qilin est dans l'une d'elles ?
Yes.
Exact.
- Well, which one is it? - Which one indeed.
- Laquelle ? - C'est la question.
Ooh, it's like a three-card monte thing.
Ça me rappelle le bonneteau.
Like a shell game thing.
Le truc des gobelets.
Like a short con.
Le jeu d'arnaque...
Never mind, it's a Muggle thing. Grindelwald will do anything within his powers
C'est rien, un truc de Moldus.
to get his hands on our rare friend.
Grindelwald va tout essayer pour s'emparer de notre rarissime ami.
Therefore, it's essential that we keep whoever he dispatches on his behalf guessing...
Il est donc crucial que nous laissions
son ou ses émissaires dans le doute,
so the Qilin gets to the ceremony safely.
pour que le Qilin atteigne la cérémonie.
If, by teatime, the Qilin, not to mention all of us,
Si à l'heure du thé
le Qilin et accessoirement nous tous
are still alive,
sommes encore en vie,
we should consider our efforts a success.
je considérerai que c'est un succès.
For the record, nobody ever died playing three-card monte.
Personne n'est jamais mort en jouant au bonneteau.
An important distinction.
Distinction importante.
All right, everybody choose a case and we'll be on our way.
Prenez chacun une valise et allons-nous-en.
Mr. Kowalski, you and I will proceed together first.
M. Kowalski, venez, nous allons passer en premier.
Me?
Moi ?
Okay.
Bon.
I'm looking forward to you educating me a little further on the finer points of three-card monte.
J'ai hâte que vous m'enseigniez les subtilités
du bonneteau.
Mm.
My pleasure.
Avec plaisir.
Well, good luck, everybody.
Bonne chance à tous.
Good luck.
Bonne chance.
And you too, Bunty girl.
À vous aussi,
chère Bunty.
See you, Bunty.
À bientôt.
It is not lost
Il ne nous a pas échappé,
on those of us in leadership that we are currently a world divided.
à nous, les dirigeants, que notre monde est actuellement divisé.
Each day brings talk of another conspiracy.
Chaque jour apporte son lot de nouveaux complots.
Each hour another dark whisper.
Chaque heure, de murmures haineux.
These whispers have only increased in recent days
Ces murmures
se font plus nombreux ces derniers jours
with the addition of a third candidate.
avec l'ajout d'un troisième candidat.
There is only one way to leave absolutely no doubt
Il n'y a qu'une seule façon
de dissiper entièrement le doute
that a worthy candidate exists amongst the three you have been presented.
qu'un candidat digne figure parmi les trois
qui vous ont été présentés.
As every schoolboy and girl knows,
Comme tous les écoliers
the Qilin is the purest of creatures in our wonderful magical world.
et écolières le savent, le Qilin
est la plus pure des créatures de notre beau monde magique.
It cannot be deceived.
Nul ne peut le duper.
Let the Qilin unite us.
Puisse le Qilin nous unir.
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Come.
Venez.
Where to, next?
Et maintenant, on va où ?
Uh, this is where I leave you.
Je vais vous laisser ici.
I'm... I'm sorry, you're what? Leaving me?
Pardon, vous dites ? Me laisser ?
I have to meet someone else, Mr. Kowalski.
Je dois voir quelqu'un d'autre.
Not to worry...
Ne vous inquiétez pas.
you'll be perfectly safe.
Vous ne risquez rien.
You don't have the Qilin.
Vous n'avez pas le Qilin.
Feel free to drop the case at the first hint of trouble.
Lâchez la valise à la moindre complication.
One other thing, if you don't mind me saying.
Une dernière chose, permettez-moi une remarque.
You should stop doubting yourself.
Cessez de douter de vous-même.
You have something most men go their entire lives without. Do you know what that is?
Vous avez une chose que peu d'hommes possèdent,
savez-vous quoi ?
A heart that is full.
Un cœur qui est plein.
Only a truly brave man
Seul un vrai brave
could open himself up so honestly and completely, as you do.
peut s'ouvrir si franchement
et complètement,
comme vous le faites.
Santos! Santos! Santos!
Cases, please.
Valises,
s'il vous plaît.
Hey, fellas.
Hé, les gars !
Woo-hoo-hoo.
He's angry.
Il est fâché !
Wait. Open them, make sure it's in there.
Attendez.
Vérifiez qu'il est dedans.
Idiots.
Crétins.
How long does he have?
Combien de temps lui reste-t-il ?
Here. Hey. Hi. You're in danger, all right?
Tu es en danger.
- You need to leave. - Well...
Tu dois partir.
I can't... I can't go, okay?
Je ne peux pas.
I can't come home.
Je ne peux pas rentrer, tu comprends ?
It's too late for me, all right? Some mistakes, they're just too big.
C'est trop tard pour moi. J'ai fait de trop grosses erreurs.
Can you listen to me?
Tu veux bien m'écouter ?
There's no time. I was followed.
Pas le temps. J'ai été suivie.
I gave 'em the slip, but it won't be long before they find me. - They're gonna find us. - I don't care.
Je les ai semés mais ils me retrouveront vite.
- Ils nous trouveront. - Ça m'est égal.
All I got is us.
Tu es tout ce que j'ai.
I make no sense without us.
Je ne sers à rien sans toi.
Jacob, what? Come on...
Jacob, je t'en prie !
I don't love you anymore. Just get outta here.
Je ne t'aime plus, va-t'en.
You're the worst liar in the world, Queenie Goldstein.
Tu es nulle en mensonge, Queenie Goldstein.
You hear that? What? No.
T'entends ça ?
That's a sign.
C'est un signe.
Oh, man.
- Oh, come on. - Come here, come here.
- Je t'en prie... - Viens là.
Close your eyes.
Ferme les yeux.
Please close your eyes.
S'il te plaît.
You know what Dumbledore said to me?
Tu sais ce que Dumbledore m'a dit ?
No.
He said that I got a full heart.
Que mon cœur était plein.
He's wrong.
Il se trompe.
I'm always gonna have room in there for you.
J'y aurai toujours une place pour toi.
- Yeah? - Yeah.
You know it.
Tu le sais.
Look at me.
Regarde-moi.
Queenie Goldstein.
Mr. Scamander.
M. Dragonneau.
We've never been properly introduced.
On n'a pas été présentés.
Henrietta Fischer...
Henrietta Fischer.
Herr Vogel's attaché.
Conseillère de Herr Vogel.
Ah. Yes, uh,
hello.
Bonjour.
I can take you up.
Je peux vous escorter.
There's a private entrance for members of the High Council.
Il y a une entrée réservée au Haut Conseil.
If you just follow me.
Vous n'avez qu'à me suivre.
I'm sorry, why would you do that?
Pourquoi feriez-vous ça ?
Take me up?
M'escorter.
Isn't it obvious? No, frankly, it's, uh, not.
N'est-ce pas évident ?
Franchement, ça ne l'est pas, non.
Dumbledore sent me.
Dumbledore m'envoie.
I know what you have in that case, Mr. Scamander.
Je sais ce qu'il y a dans votre valise, M. Dragonneau.
He should be here any minute.
Il ne devrait pas tarder.
What kept you?
Pourquoi ce retard ?
I thank the candidates for their words.
Merci aux candidats pour leur discours.
Each represents a distinct vision of how we will not shape only our world,
Chacun d'entre eux représente une vision singulière
de l'avenir envisagé pour notre monde
but the non-magical world as well.
mais aussi celui des Non-Magiques.
Which brings us to the most important part of our ceremony...
Ce qui nous amène
au moment décisif de notre cérémonie.
the walk of the Qilin.
La Marche du Qilin.
The Qilin has seen.
Le Qilin a vu
Seen goodness,
la bonté,
strength...
la force,
qualities essential to lead and to guide us.
des qualités essentielles pour diriger
et nous guider.
Who do you see?
Vous, qui voyez-vous ?
Gellert Grindelwald is the new leader of the magical world...
Gellert Grindelwald est élu chef du monde magique
by acclamation.
par acclamation.
This is the man who tried to take my life.
Voici l'homme qui a tenté de m'assassiner.
This man, who has no magic...
Cet homme,
qui n'a aucun pouvoir magique,
who would marry a witch and pollute our blood,
veut épouser une sorcière
et souiller notre sang.
create a forbidden union that would make us less...
Une union défendue dont nous sortirions diminués
make us weak, like his kind.
et faibles, comme ses semblables.
He's not alone, my friends.
Il n'est pas le seul, mes amis.
There are thousands who seek to do the same.
Ils sont des milliers avec ce même objectif.
There can only be one response to such vermin.
Il n'y a qu'une façon de traiter cette vermine.
No.
Crucio.
Endoloris.
No!
Make him stop!
Arrêtez ça !
Our war with the Muggles begins today.
Notre guerre contre les Moldus
commence aujourd'hui !
Jacob.
He's lying to you.
Il vous ment.
That creature is dead.
Cette créature est morte.
Not now. Wait.
Non, attends.
He did it to trick you. He killed it and bewitched it
Il vous a dupés. Il l'a tuée
so that you might think him worthy to lead.
et ensorcelée
pour paraître digne de vos votes.
But he doesn't want to lead you.
Mais il ne veut pas vous guider.
He just wants you to follow.
Seulement que vous le suiviez.
Words.
Des mots...
Words designed to deceive.
Des mots destinés à vous tromper,
To make you doubt what you've seen with your own two eyes.
à vous faire douter de vos yeux.
There were two Qilins born that night.
Deux Qilins sont nés,
A twin. And I know that...
des jumeaux. Et je le sais...
I know that... Because?
- Je le sais... - Parce que ?
Because you have no proof.
Vous n'avez aucune preuve.
Because there was no second Qilin.
Il n'y a pas de deuxième Qilin.
Am I not right?
N'ai-je pas raison ?
Its mother had been killed, it...
Sa mère a été tuée...
Then where is it now, Mr. Scamander?
Où est-il, M. Dragonneau ?
No one can know everything, Newt.
Personne ne doit tout savoir.
Remember?
Vous vous rappelez ?
I don't get it.
She can't hear you, little one.
Elle ne t'entend pas.
Not here...
Pas ici.
but perhaps somewhere she's listening.
Ailleurs peut-être, elle t'écoute.
This is the true Qilin.
Celui-ci est le vrai Qilin.
Look at it...
Regardez-le.
you can see it with your own eyes.
Vous le voyez de vos yeux.
This is the true...
Celui-ci est le vrai...
This can't be allowed to stand.
C'est intolérable.
The vote must be taken again.
Il faut revoter.
Come on, Anton. Do something.
Allons, Anton. Faites quelque chose.
You...
No, no, no, please.
Non, je t'en prie.
I'm honored.
Je suis honoré.
But just as two of you were born that night,
Mais de même que deux Qilins sont nés,
there's another here, equally worthy.
il y a quelqu'un d'autre ici
aussi digne que moi.
I'm certain of it.
J'en suis certain.
Thank you.
Merci.
Who will love you now, Dumbledore?
Qui t'aimera, désormais ?
You're all alone.
Tu es seul.
I was never your enemy.
Je n'ai jamais été votre ennemi.
Then, or now.
Ni avant
ni maintenant.
Did you ever think of me?
T'arrivait-il de penser à moi ?
Always.
Constamment.
Come home.
Rentre à la maison.
Here she is.
La voici.
Well done, Bunty.
Bravo, Bunty.
Come on, little one.
Allez, mon petit.
I'm sorry. I must have given you an awful fright.
Pardon, j'ai dû vous faire peur.
No, I think, um... sometimes it takes losing something to realize quite how much it means.
Parfois, il faut perdre une chose pour comprendre
à quel point on y tient.
And sometimes you just...
Et parfois, on...
Sometimes you just know.
on le sait, tout simplement.
Right, in you pop.
Allez, hop.
Mr. Kowalski.
M. Kowalski.
I owe you an apology.
Je vous dois des excuses.
It... It was never my intent for you to suffer the Cruciatus curse.
Je n'ai jamais voulu que vous subissiez le sortilège Doloris.
Yeah...
well, you know, we got Queenie back, so we're square.
On a récupéré Queenie, on est quittes.
Hey, can I ask you a question?
J'ai une question.
Can I keep this?
Je peux la garder ?
For, like, old times' sake?
En souvenir.
I can't think of anyone more deserving.
Je ne connais personne qui la mérite davantage.
Thanks, Professor.
Merci, professeur.
Remarkable. But how?
Remarquable.
I thought you couldn't move against one another. We didn't.
- Vous ne pouviez pas vous battre. - En effet.
He sought to kill, I sought to protect.
Il cherchait à tuer, moi à protéger.
Our spells met.
Nos sorts se sont croisés.
Let's call it fate.
Appelons ça la fatalité.
After all, how else will we fulfill our destinies?
Sans cela, comment accomplir son destin ?
Albus.
Promise me.
Promettez-moi.
You'll find him and you'll stop him.
Trouvez-le et arrêtez-le.
Albert, don't forget the pierogis.
Albert.
N'oublie pas les pierogi.
Yes, Mr. K.
Bien, monsieur K.
Albert.
Albert ?
No more than eight minutes on the kolaczkis.
Pas plus de 8 min, les kolaczki.
Yes, Mr. K.
Bien, monsieur K.
He's a sweet kid. He doesn't know the difference between paszteciki and golabki.
Il est gentil. Il confond les paszteciki et les golabki.
- Hey, sweetheart. - What?
- Trésor... - Mais !
Newt doesn't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
Norbert n'y connaît rien, moi non plus,
And you are not working today, remember?
et toi, tu ne travailles pas aujourd'hui, tu sais ?
Oh!
Oh, are you all right, honey?
Tu te sens bien, trésor ?
Oh, you're nervous about the speech. Don't be nervous.
N'aie pas le trac pour le discours.
Tell him, honey.
Dis-lui, chéri.
Don't be nervous about the speech. I'm not nervous.
- N'aie pas le trac. - Je ne l'ai pas.
What is the smell? Why is there burning? Albert?
C'est quoi cette odeur ? Pourquoi ça brûle, Albert ?
Mm. Maybe we're nervous about something else, huh?
On a le trac pour autre chose, alors ?
I can't imagine what you're talking about.
Je ne vois pas de quoi tu parles.
Mm-hmm.
So, the day that I first met Jacob...
Ma rencontre avec Jacob...
Uh...
The day that I first met Jacob, we were both sitting in the Steen National Bank.
Ma rencontre avec Jacob a eu lieu à la banque Steen.
Never would I...
Jamais je n'aurais...
The maid of honor, I presume?
La demoiselle d'honneur, je présume ?
The best man, I gather?
Le témoin, j'imagine.
- You've done something to your hair. - No.
- Tu as changé de coiffure. - Non.
Oh.
Well, yes, actually, just...
Enfin, si.
Just for tonight.
Pour la soirée.
- Well, it suits you. - Thank you, Newt.
- Ça te va bien. - Merci, Norbert.
Oh. - Hello. - Hi.
Bonsoir.
Look who's...
Regarde qui...
Hi.
So good to see you.
Ravie de te voir.
- Hi. - How are you?
Ça va bien ?
You look wonderful, Lally. Well, thank you, Newt. I appreciate it.
- Vous êtes superbe, Lally. - Merci, c'est gentil.
Good luck.
Bonne chance.
Tina, come on. - You must tell me how MACUSA's been. - See you inside.
Tina, raconte-moi...
À tout à l'heure.
What about me? How do I look?
Et moi, je suis beau ?
- You all right? - You look fine.
- Ça va ? - Tu es très bien.
You okay? Yeah, I'm all right.
- Tu vas bien ? - Oui, ça va.
You're not nervous, are you?
Tu n'as pas le trac, si ?
Can't be nervous about a speech after saving the world. Hmm.
Pour un discours, toi qui as sauvé le monde ?
It's a historic day.
C'est un jour historique.
Where once was before, there will now be after.
Il y avait un avant, il y aura désormais un après.
Funny how historic days seem so ordinary when you're living them.
C'est drôle, ça paraît anodin quand on le vit.
Well, perhaps that's what happens when the world gets things right. Mm, it's jolly nice to know it happens occasionally.
C'est peut-être le monde qui rectifie ses erreurs.
Quel bonheur que ça arrive parfois.
I didn't know if I'd see you here.
Je doutais de vous voir ici.
I wasn't sure you would, either.
J'en doutais moi-même.
Hey, Newt.
Hé, Norbert !
Yes.
Oui ?
Jacob seems to think he's lost the ring. Please tell me you've got it.
Jacob ne trouve plus la bague. Rassure-moi, tu l'as ?
No, it's all good. Yep.
Oui, tout va bien.
Whew!
That scared me. Jacob!
Good man, Pick.
Bravo, Pick.
I should probably, um...
Je devrais sans doute...
Thank you, Newt.
Merci, Norbert.
What for?
De quoi ?
Pick your poison.
Le choix est vaste.
I really couldn't have done it without you.
Je n'aurais pas réussi sans vous.
I'd do it again, by the way.
Je serais prêt à recommencer.
Should you ask.
Il suffit de demander.
Okay.
Hey.
- Hey! - Hello!
Bunty!
Wow, you're so beautiful.
Que tu es belle.
Oh.
I can't believe it.
This is, um... This is Albert.
I don't know if you've met Albert, yet?
Have you met Lally?
FRE Sous-titres Juliette Caron
Sous-titres ENG + FRE fusionnés par Zorg2412